[ADD] Lunch: New products doc (#9838)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/products.rst

========
Products
========

> Odoo’s *Lunch* app does not come with any products pre-configured. The individual products being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo’s *Lunch* app does **not** come with any products pre-configured. The individual products being
```
just a little added emphasis -- not required -- just a suggestion 👍

offered must first be configured before orders can be placed.

> First, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration: Products`. Next, click the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add and configure products for the *Lunch* app, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration --> Products`. Next, click the
```
just for some added specificity 

Also, when it comes to using ":" in menus, that is specifically for options that appear in a sub-menu. So, if there was a sub-menu section like: Settings app --> Technical --> Discuss: Messages ... that works.
![Screenshot 2024-06-20 131927](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/8846fb53-5d8d-4c83-9e87-5f8ef1f62e30)

But, when its just a step-by-step direction, that ":" is not needed.

> :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner and a blank product form loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank product form loads.
```
OPTIONAL: added comma for enhanced sentence pacing/flow

Enter the following information on the form:

> - :guilabel:`Product Name`: enter the name for the product. This field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Product Name`: enter the name for the product. This field is **required**.
```
always suggest adding emphasis to 'required' mentions, just so it can help stand out a bit more.

- :guilabel:`Product Category`: using the drop-down menu, select the :ref:`category

>   <lunch/product-categories>` this product falls under. This field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <lunch/product-categories>` this product falls under. This field is **required**.
```

- :guilabel:`Vendor`: using the drop-down menu, select the vendor that supplies this product. This

>   field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  field is **required**.
```

- :guilabel:`Price`: enter the price for the product. The currency is determined by the company's
  localization.
- :guilabel:`Description`: enter a description of the product in this field. This description
  appears beneath the product photo when users are viewing the day's options.

> - :guilabel:`New Until`: using the calendar popover, select the date on which the product will no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`New Until`: using the calendar popover, select the date on which the product is no
```

  longer be labeled as new. Until this date, a green `New` tag appears on the product.
- :guilabel:`Company`: if the product should only be available to a specific company, select it from
  the drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, this product is available for all companies in
  the database.

> - Image: hover over the image box in the top-right corner of the form, and click the

Reviewer: I totally get **NOT** applying a GUI here, but it seems a bit "disconnected" from the rest of the list...and I'm curious if you think it should get some sort of **bold** or GUI to help it fall in line... but, again, since there is no 'Image' field (specifically) present on the UI, it gets a little tricky...

Maybe this information can be added below the list OR as a specific admonition to avoid any GUI/Bolding confusion/worries? 

Not sure...totally your call. Just figured it was worth mentioning.

Author: This was edited to have the gui removed in a review if I am remembering correctly, but I do prefer them all being bold to match. I'll add a bold, and I'll see what @samueljlieber decides =)

Reviewer 2: @larm-odoo and @ksc-odoo I think bold is fine to maintain a similar visual (but definitely a no on a `:guilabel:` 😉)

  :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears. A file explorer pop-up window appears.
  Navigate to the image, then click :guilabel:`Open`.

.. image:: products/product.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A product form filled out for a nine inch pizza.

.. _lunch/product-categories:

Product categories
==================

Product categories organize the offerings in the *Lunch* app, and allows users to quickly filter
them when reviewing the menu for the day.

> To add or modify categories, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration: Product
> Categories`. The available categories appear in a list view. In the *Lunch* app, there are four
> default categories: :guilabel:`Sandwich`, :guilabel:`Pizza`, :guilabel:`Burger`, and
> :guilabel:`Drinks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add or modify categories, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration --> Product
Categories`. The available categories appear in a list view.

In the *Lunch* app, there are four default categories: :guilabel:`Sandwich`, :guilabel:`Pizza`, :guilabel:`Burger`, and
:guilabel:`Drinks`.
```

To add a new category, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank category

> form loads. Enter a name in the :guilabel:`Product Category` field. If the category is
> company-specific and should only appear for a certain company, select the :guilabel:`Company` from
> the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form loads.

Enter a name in the :guilabel:`Product Category` field. If the category is company-specific, and should only appear for
a certain company, select the :guilabel:`Company` from the drop-down menu.
```

========
Products
========

> No products are pre-configured in Odoo's *Lunch* app. Before any orders can be placed, the
> individual products that are being offered must first be configured.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Odoo’s *Lunch* app does not come with any products pre-configured. The individual products being offered must first be configured before orders can be placed.
```

> First, navigate to the products page by going to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration:
```

> Products`. Next click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner and a blank product form

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Products`. Next, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner and a blank product form
```

loads.

Enter the following information on the form:

- :guilabel:`Product Name*`: enter the name for the product.
- :guilabel:`Product Category*`: using the drop-down menu, select the :ref:`category
  <lunch/product-categories>` this product falls under.
- :guilabel:`Vendor*`: using the drop-down menu, select the vendor that supplies this product.

> - :guilabel:`Price`: enter the price for the product. The currency is determined by the localization
>   of the company.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Price`: enter the price for the product. The currency is determined by the company's localization.
```

- :guilabel:`Description`: enter a description of the product in this field. This description

>   appears beneath the product photo when users are viewing the options for the day.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  appears beneath the product photo when users are viewing the day's options.
```

> - :guilabel:`New Until`: using the calendar popover, select the date that the product will no

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`New Until`: using the calendar popover, select the date on which the product will no
```

  longer be labeled as new. Until this date, a green `New` tag appears on the product.
- :guilabel:`Company`: if the product should only be available to a specific company, select it from
  the drop-down menu. If this field is left blank, this product is available for all companies in
  the database.
- Image: hover over the image box in the top-right corner of the form, and click the
  :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears. A file explorer pop-up window appears.
  Navigate to the image, then click :guilabel:`Open`.

>   (*) indicates required field.

Reviewer 3: I would move this *above* the list.
Side note- we don't have a standard way of dealing with what are required fields vs not, and we probably should. I think this is fine, but I want to leave a comment here so KC and Sam can weigh in on this too.

Author: I used to do 'required' and 'optional' sections which was not ideal, and I recall someone suggesting this format to identify the required fields for such a long list. If it's just 2-3 items out of a list of 10-20, then I would have a line saying those were required, but this was too much. I am open to whatever suggestion or decision we agree on since I just want to let people know what they must fill in and wat can be eft out.

.. image:: products/product.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A product form filled out for a nine inch pizza.

.. _lunch/product-categories:

Product categories
==================

> Product categories are a way to organize the offerings in the *Lunch* app, and allows for users to
> quickly filter the offerings when reviewing the menu for the day.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Product categories organize the offerings in the *Lunch* app, and allow users to quickly filter them when reviewing the menu for the day.
```

To add or modify categories, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Configuration: Product
Categories`. The available categories appear in a list view. In the *Lunch* app, there are four

> default categories : :guilabel:`Sandwich`, :guilabel:`Pizza`, :guilabel:`Burger`, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
default categories: :guilabel:`Sandwich`, :guilabel:`Pizza`, :guilabel:`Burger`, and
```

:guilabel:`Drinks`.

To add a new category, click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank category
form loads. Enter a name in the :guilabel:`Product Category` field. If the category is
company-specific and should only appear for a certain company, select the :guilabel:`Company` from
the drop-down menu.

If desired, add a photo for the category. Hover over the image box in the top-right, and click the

> :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears. A file explorer pop-up window appears.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears. This opens a file explorer pop-up window.
```
